feat: Add PR template (#17)
charmed-hpc/.github: pull_request_template.md

> 
> 

Reviewer: [nit]: we don't need these two lines here. We can just have the pre-submission checklist header be the first line here:

```suggestion
```

# Pre-submission checklist

 * [ ] I read and followed the CONTRIBUTING guidelines.
 * [ ] I have insured that lint, typecheck, and unit tests complete successfully.

[//]: # (If you can't run the tests locally, create a draft PR to check against the CI pipeline. Once you verify that CI is passing, you can take your PR out of draft status. Please try running the tests locally first, before testing against the CI pipeline.)

> 

Reviewer: [nit]: _MUST ELIMINATE NEWLINES :space_invader:_

```suggestion
```

Author: I like visual spacing! But fair enough

> ## Summary of Changes

Reviewer: [nit]: I think don't we need to capitalize "changes" here since "changes" isn't referring to a specific GitHub-ism. We could changes it to "Summary of Commits" which then I would capitalize since PRs have a "Commits" section, but I think changes is friendlier to people who aren't in the weeds with git:  

```suggestion
## Summary of changes
```

> 

Reviewer: An explicit comment here might be helpful to guide new contributors. I feel like some folks won't take the hint that we want them to summarize their commits here especially if they're new to the project:

```suggestion
[//]: # (Please summarize your commits here. If your PR contains only one commit, you can just copy the commit message body here.)

```

Author: Agree on having a note; I'll tweak your suggestion a tad.

#### Related Issues, PRs, and Discussions

> [//]: # (Please link to related issues, pull requests, and discussions here. If there are no related issues, PRs, or discussions, please provide a justification for the PR.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # (Please link to related issues, pull requests, and discussions here. If your PR has no related issues, PRs, or discussions, please provide a justification for this PR here instead.)
```

## Docs

> * [ ] I have created a pull request to add or update relevant documentation in charmed-hpc/docs or another documentation location.

Reviewer: A hyperlink might helpful for new contributors who aren't entirely familiar with the project.

```suggestion
* [ ] I have created a pull request to add or update relevant documentation in [charmed-hpc/docs](https://github.com/charmed-hpc/docs) or another documentation location.
```

Or:

> * [ ] I confirm the pull request has no implications for documentation, with justification included in the summary of changes.

Reviewer: I think we can make this section more succinct. _Implications_ might be a little vague, especially for those who aren't immersed in our development/documentation process. We should make it clear that you're only allowed to skimp on documentation if (a) you're not making any major changes to functionality and (b) you're not adding new features.

```suggestion
* [ ] I confirm that this pull request requires no changes or additions to documentation.

[//]: # (If your PR doesn't require changes or additions to documentation, please write your justification here)

```

Also, I think it would be helpful to have contributors write their justification for no documentation changes here since then it won't get lost in the summary of changes.

Author: Agreed, I'll tweak and add the note.
